README.md, before:

# SA_challenge
Initial repo to store versions and improvements over time.

05/04/23
Visual representation does indicate the shipping process is the one in focus,
nevertheless not clarified if trucks/shipping is owned by manufacturer, any store capacity and etc.
Making the assumption the trucks are already owned and operated by the manufacturer.
Second important assumption - Shipping does provide API/Programmable way to retrieve info and trigger flows.

04/04/23 - Decided to add dates, so I can track my toughts. 

After reading the pdf once again, I'm even more lost. :]
The essence seems to be the business is primary manufacturer, but no info if stores are owned by same business and sell directly to consumers or independent shops, as the difference is huge. Same apply for value proposition, ordering system, potential for cost reduction and optimization. 

To be reviewed once again in the morning after the first coffee.

// Earlier toughts
Struggling a bit to get the essence of a challenge. 
In task one it's defined "• Design high-level view diagrams of the current business domain model"
Which would be fine if a bit more background info has been provided. 
Currently process is defined as "The current way of working is quite manual, basically phone calls and notebooks, which leads to a lot of delivery issues and delays."

Commit message:

time to wrap up, added some new files, archived others.

README.md, after:

# SA_challenge
Initial repo to store versions and improvements over time.

06/04/23
Made some progress on the C4 diagram, not finished due to lack of in-depth knowledge and time constrains. \ 
Archived some old versions. \
Due to time constrains only a few advantages were listed. \
Very basic gap analysis was done.
Time to wrap up.
 

05/04/23
Visual representation does indicate the shipping process is the one in focus,
nevertheless not clarified if trucks/shipping is owned by manufacturer, any store capacity and etc.
Making the assumption the trucks are already owned and operated by the manufacturer.
Second important assumption - Shipping does provide API/Programmable way to retrieve info and trigger flows.

04/04/23 - Decided to add dates, so I can track my toughts. 

After reading the pdf once again, I'm even more lost. :]
The essence seems to be the business is primary manufacturer, but no info if stores are owned by same business and sell directly to consumers or independent shops, as the difference is huge. Same apply for value proposition, ordering system, potential for cost reduction and optimization. 

To be reviewed once again in the morning after the first coffee.

// Earlier toughts
Struggling a bit to get the essence of a challenge. 
In task one it's defined "• Design high-level view diagrams of the current business domain model"
Which would be fine if a bit more background info has been provided. 
Currently process is defined as "The current way of working is quite manual, basically phone calls and notebooks, which leads to a lot of delivery issues and delays."
